RHOAI-16971 LAB-tuning - user (#775)
opendatahub-io/opendatahub-documentation: modules/creating-a-taxonomy.adoc

A taxonomy is a structured set of training data that defines the _skills_ and _knowledge_ your model should learn. For more information, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_enterprise_linux_ai/latest/html/creating_skills_and_knowledge_yaml_files[Creating skills and knowledge YAML files] in the {rhelai-productname-long} documentation.

A taxonomy tree for LAB-tuning organizes training data using a cascading directory structure. Each branch ends in a leaf node, and each leaf node is a directory with a `qna.yaml` file focused on a specific knowledge area or skill. Your taxonomy tree for {productname-short} must include a `root` directory, a `knowledge` directory, and a `compositional_skills` directory, as shown in the following example:

[source,plaintext]
----
taxonomy_root/
  knowledge/
    topic_1/
      qna.yaml
    topic_2/
      qna.yaml
  compositional_skills/
    skill_1/
      qna.yaml
    skill_2/
      qna.yaml
----

> For a more detailed example, see the link:https://github.com/RedHatOfficial/rhelai-sample-taxonomy[{rhelai-productname-short} sample taxonomy].

Reviewer: It would be good to include a link to the upstream sample taxonomy, which I think it's updated to the latest version and it is better documented
```suggestion
For more detailed examples, see the link:https://github.com/RedHatOfficial/rhelai-sample-taxonomy[{rhelai-productname-short} sample taxonomy] and the link:https://github.com/instructlab/taxonomy[InstructLab sample taxonomy].
```

Author: @jgarciao we try to avoid linking to upstream docs unless necessary
